# Block-Employee-Directory
Build an employee directory app that shows a list of employees from the provided endpoint.  The app should display a list (or any kind of collection view!) which shows all the employees returned from the JSON endpoint described below. Each item in the view should contain a summary of the employee, including their photo, name, and team at minimum. You may add more information to the summary if you want, or sort employees in any fashion you’d like – sort and group by name, team, etc.  There should be some UX to reload the employee list from within the app at any time. The UX can be done in any way you want: a button, pull-to-refresh, etc.  If there is any additional UI/UX you would like to add, feel free to do so! We only ask that you please do not build any more screens than this list. Do not worry about building custom controls or UI elements – using system-provided, standard elements is totally fine.  Be sure to appropriately handle the normal variety of errors when querying an endpoint. The app should display useful loading, empty, and error states where appropriate. If images fail to load, displaying a placeholder is fine.  One extra thing we ask is that you please ensure you do not use more network bandwidth than necessary – load expensive resources such as photos on-demand only.  The employee list should not be persisted to disk. You can reload it from the network on each app launch and when refresh is requested — but no more often than that unintentionally. (Android developers in particular should take care not to make redundant network calls when the phone is rotated, or when memory is low).  Images, however, should be cached on disk so as to not waste device bandwidth. You may use an open source image caching solution, or write your own caching. Do not rely upon HTTP caching for image caching.  Note that photos at a given URL will never change. Once one is loaded, you do not need to reload the photo. If an employee’s photo changes, they will be given a new photo URL.  Tests should be provided for the app. We do not expect 100% code coverage, so please use your best judgment for what should be tested. We’re also interested only in unit tests. Feel free to skip snapshot or app tests.
